[Music]
we want to establish an amazing Masjid
for the sake of Allah subhana tala in
the country of Norway click on the link
and donate now for the sake of Allah
subhana wa tala
brothers and sisters and dear friends
hope you guys are well inshallah welcome
back we've got some amazing liquidation
updates for you guys yep we laughing at
is it your
business you
doing got some amazing news for
everybody some amazing phenomenal news
is it 21 or 22 I think it's 21 according
to their fig it's probably much more
than that 21 yeah it's much more than
that reminds me of 21 seconds ago
if you if you let me let me know let me
in the studio I got 21 liquidations to
go okay so what's what's the update
please tell us let's watch this I mean
the people are waiting for the
phenomenal news yeah so please read
slowly but I want to is there video
watching this is what it says I'll just
right Israel suffers its deadliest day
since the war on Gaz began Israel Israel
what suffers yeah suffer suffer
suffocate suffer oh Israel suffers
suffer yeah okay RPG
okay so so so in a not sure what what's
what happened what they claim that
happened yeah is that they say the RPGs
were fired by Hamas and that that fell
over and killed the the terrorist IDF
but um what really seems to be actually
what happened is that they got Gunn down
and cornered in fact we have some body
cam images that indicates this including
but not limited to the man under the
blanket which we have man the BL was it
the is it the what is it the monster the
boogie monster where is this it's like a
little child who runs
have you seen the video of no I haven't
what is it let's take a look at it
what's tell me what is it it's a man
under the blanket what what's he doing
is he
sleeping he's uh one of the IDF uh
people and he's uh being cornered in a
house and he's very scared so he coms
under the
blanket and he's literally putting his
cheeks on it and stuff no way that's
yeah abely his at home that's that's is
this the top four five Fifth Army on the
planet definitely not and get in top
five ranking
sleeping billions of funding you US
taxpayers money just so they can uh go
under a blanket go under a blanket yeah
which blanket is sponsored I don't know
but I mean this is humiliating of course
this is not this is not the way to fight
like a man I mean someone should tell
this guy this is not the way to fight
like a man you can't that's impossible
for me to and I I don't think he should
be hiding under a duv because children
hide under duv that's saying a boogie
monster no but and if IDF you know find
out it's child and he's going to kill
the child isn't it so I don't think he's
following the correct protocol for his
own people he's going to kill him under
Friendly Fire there were some that died
under friendly fire so the 21 that
couldn't hide under a blanket what
happened to them well according to
hagari Daniel hagari who's the
spokesperson for the IDF he says that
the RPGs were fired on a building and
the building collapsed and killed the
people what if he's telling us that RPGs
that were constructed in Gaza can do
this much damage to one of the most
highly sophisticated technological
military machines in the world that is
to say that um over 100 years 100 days
after the conflict began that these guys
are really not succeeding in their
objective and they look like close to
quitting actually yeah yeah yeah I heard
they live in the south they're going to
give up I think because they just can't
handle you can see and we can see we
have so much evidence now that they're
under blankets that they're you know
they're hiding they they're defecating
urur they're hiding they're urinating
they're defecating they're running away
they're retreating they're deserting but
do you know that thing with the with the
guy that you went with Dilly to see yeah
Levi Simon this man yeah I on his case
don't worry yeah's case but you know
this guy he didn't show up by the way
you can't show up he wouldn't show up
you can't he wouldn't but this guy I
mean one thing you got to think about is
the fact that you have a British
national yeah that was in Gaza war and
then came into UK everyone's talking
about how properous and how ridiculous
it is that's one angle of looking at and
of course it's true but there's another
way of looking at it that these are Army
these soldiers consider the war in Gaza
or the suppression oppression we should
call it in Gaza the asymmetrical
oppression in Gaza they consider it to
be some kind of holiday you can do it
for a couple of weeks and go back to
your country exactly their mentality is
clearly in Game Theory they call it the
finite player yeah it's like this thing
has a has a limit this thing has an end
goal whereas the clearly the militants
in Gaza their mentality is the infinite
player and in any analysis the infinite
player always beats the finite player
and it looks like to me that this is not
going to look good it's going to be one
of the most humiliating defeats in the
probably in the 21st century in Warfare
M that's what happened with him Israel
is like a spoiled child it's been
allowed to re free do whatever it wants
flout international law and uh they've
bitten off frankly more than than they
can Che exactly and they think they can
come to this country and walk scotf free
but you know we will be working on a
project uh we're going to call it is
that a threat Ali yes are you
threatening them no no it's it's it's we
got crime reference number okay we'll be
putting this face everywhere in London
in very soon that video will be coming
out very soon um the operation is called
perfect on the loose um that'll be
coming really soon in so you're going to
you're going to implicate my friend
Zan I'm not on the loose I've been
caught he's not perfect he's a he's a
he's a he's a p keep smiling like you
know why is smiling he's smiling because
of something that he's seen that he
likes I mean this is you don't know what
he's thinking his mind his mind exactly
so I've I've seen your face yes that's
why I'm smiling yes okay that's that's
very good I don't know if I can say the
same so 21 liquidated then 33 partially
liquidated injured is that correct
decimated liquidated annihilated uh
decimated decimated uh humiliated
absolutely and I think more of that's
going to happen we we talk about how
many of them have died according to
Israeli in Thousand the Israelis that
say it's hundreds yeah this nonsense
which is false I mean if we go by Hamas
figur to be fair to be fair they've got
more videographic evidence right look at
if you count all of the deaths of Hamas
militants in the Israeli sold in the
Israeli videos you you'll be luy to get
five honestly I've done this job
myselfi f d he's a phenomenal analyst in
Al jazer Arabic he's done this he he
looked at all the videos of he says the
same thing whereas if you look at the
opposite there's so much going on
there's like you how many can you count
there's so many and so according to Abu
ABA because we don't speak always
according to Israel according to Abu ABA
the Hamas figures is that they've
they've destroyed more than a thousand
tanks and we've seen we've seen a lot of
them been destroyed in the videos so
that's fair they destroyed more than a
thousand tanks they've killed thousands
of people and according to both both the
Israel and Hamas they've killed over you
know sorry they've permanently disabled
more than 20,000 people wow and by the
way a permanently disabled person is
worse than a dead person because a
permanently disabled person can cannot
fight again you've taken him out of the
military yeah he can't fight and he's
he's living an excruciating life so this
is not looking good for them bro this is
not looking good for them no matter what
way you want to spin it this is the
greatest failure you know um that we've
seen in modern times actually
exactly you know and this is just what
they're suffering in this life and what
awaits for them in they he after
brothers and sisters is more severe and
like Allah says in the Quran do not
think Allah is unaware of what the evil
doers do he only delays them for a day
that their eyes will look in horror and
may Allah Allah has allowed us to see
what they're going through in this life
and may Allah allow us to see the
Terrors are going to go in the Hereafter
inshallah uh brothers and sisters till
next time and keep an eye out inshallah
for updates with Levi Simon uh the
bastard um I'm going to give a crime
reference number we're going to go
through this in a legitimate way
inshallah and I'm going to tell you guys
how we're going to operate together
we're going to make sure it's pictures
everywhere North Southeast Central
London everywhere uh keep an eye on that
video till next time any other thing
anything you like to add yeah when are
we going to start filming the
video Alum the prophet sallallahu alhi
wasallam said whoever builds a Masjid
for the sake of Allah subhana wa tala
Allah will build for him a similar house
in Jen on that day where Allah subhana
tells us that our books will be given
and every list at and weight of Good
Deed you've done will be there and
imagine you see a mountain and you're
like what a lucky person which righteous
person and Allah says this is for you
for me yes what did I do you allowed
people to pray you built a Masjid I
never had the money to build a Masid
Allah you helped you gave towards it and
Allah gives you the reward of as if
you've built it donate now guys and do
not delay and share the video for extra
[Music]
Rewards
oh